hi I'm Diane cometa and today on dish
you would die I'm going to show you how
to make corn dogs these are a carnival
and fair favorite and they're so easy to
make so let's get started I'm dishing
what died so who ever thought you can
make corn dogs at home it's pretty easy
actually so what I have here is some
cornmeal and I'm just leveling this off
and make it a little bit of a mess and
I'm going to put this into a large
mixing bowl along with about the same
amount of flour so we're just going to
pour this in so you want to measure them
in the same way and then just level it
off and put that into your bowl as well
so you have those two things and what
we're doing here is we're making a nice
batter that outside coating of the corn
dog which is sort of like a corn muffin
and with that we're going to have some
leavening to make it kind of like puff
up a little bit and that's going to be
some baking powder so go ahead and add
that into your mixture and it needs salt
so we have a nice you know balance of
flavor and I like to use a fine sea salt
for this and it's always nice to have a
little bit of sugar in there so I like
to just use a little bit
a little bit more and then go ahead and
grab yourself a nice big fat whisk and
whisk that all together and get it
really mixed through thoroughly now grab
yourself some milk and then an egg put
that together and then grab your same
whisk pop that in there and just get
that combined and then take that wet
mixture and dump it right into the dry
mixture just like this really super
simple and that's it for the batter now
mix this through until it gets nice and
smooth and thoroughly combined now
you're just going to let this rest for
about thirty minutes at room temperature
and that's going to give it a chance to
come up to room temperature it's going
to give the flour and the cornmeal a
chance to absorb the milk and the egg
and it's going to give the gluten a
chance to relax because by mixing it
like that we kind of activated the
gluten so we don't want little tough
corndogs we want them to be nice and
tender so we're just going to let this
sit and while we do that we're going to
get our hot dogs ready now you're going
to need some all-beef hot dogs or the
hot dog of your choice so I took them
out of the package I ran them under some
water and then I patted them dry
thoroughly because you want them to be
nice and dry so that the batter sticks
to them so the first thing you want to
do is get some bamboo skewers and you
want to take the hotdog and put it right
into the center so slide that all the
way up there and then just do that to
each one once the batter has been
resting for about 15 minutes pour some
oil into a frying pan with high sides
I'm using a 10-inch pan here and you
want to get it about an inch high heat
that oil up till it reaches about 350
degrees then you want to grab yourself a
nice big tall glass or a jar and you're
going to pour the batter into it grab
your hot dogs and take a little bit of
flour and put that on the plate with the
hot dogs and just lightly coat them with
the flour and the
is going to help the batter stick to
them brush off any excess and take each
hotdog and place it into the batter and
give it a nice turn around and get it
nice and coated let any excess dribble
off and carefully place it into the hot
oil and only cook about 2 to 3 hotdogs
at a time use a pair of tongs to
carefully rotate the dogs so that they
Brown evenly and cook them for about 3
minutes when they're done carefully use
your tongs and remove them from the oil
and place them on a plate lined with
some paper towels to drain and to cool
and you can either serve them with a
side of your favorite condiment like I
like yellow mustard or even some
barbecue sauce or you can just take some
mustard and just swirl that right over
it you take your dog for a walk and it's
absolutely delicious just like at the
carnival so let's give this baby a bite
lightly crisp on the outside it's got
that nice corn muffin taste a little bit
sweet a little bit crisp just perfect go
and make these get the recipe dish it
with DICOM and I hope I made your life a
little easier more enjoyable and
delicious
doh see you next time bye bye
you